Add Managed Inputs cross-reference to PRW endpoint page (#7124)
elastic/docs-content: manage-data/data-store/data-streams/tsds-ingest-prometheus-remote-write.md

The endpoint is available under `/_prometheus/api/v1/write`.

:::{note}

> If you are using {{serverless-full}}, use [Managed Inputs](opentelemetry://reference/motlp/prometheus-remote-write.md) to send Prometheus metrics instead. Managed Inputs is the recommended ingestion path for {{ecloud}} deployments and provides durable buffering, unified authentication, and back-pressure handling.

Reviewer: To Shaina's point, not mandatory but if you remove caps:
```suggestion
If you are using {{serverless-full}}, use [managed inputs](opentelemetry://reference/motlp/prometheus-remote-write.md) to send Prometheus metrics instead. Managed inputs are the recommended ingestion path for {{ecloud}} deployments and provide durable buffering, unified authentication, and back-pressure handling.
```
I tested the links locally and lgtm

Author: You're both right, I got influenced by the spelling an SME I talked to used 🤦‍♀️
